# MAKS-BELA-IELTS
AKS BELA IELTS Training  Established in 2014, MAKS BELA International has grown into an elite training Centre in Chennai Ambattur. Our trainings are designed to give the candidates sufficient practice in the techniques required for taking the IELTS Test with full confidence. Our specially tailored training programme gives the candidates enough confidence to enable one to score high in IELTS test.  General Overview:  MAKS BELA International IELTS program is designed to help the student crack the test. It involves class lectures on core concepts taught by faculty who specialize in coaching for standardized tests. The coaching is carried out in small groups to maximize attention given to each student. Apart from lectures, all possible study material is provided in an organized manner to students for practice and review. Student is administered 10 full length tests before test date to experience fatigue and get realistic experience.  In addition, MAKS BELA International program includes:       Not time bound but a result oriented program– MAKS BELA is with you until you feel adequately prepared to take the exam       Personalized study plan for each student based on diagnostic test.       Unlimited access to computer test room and study space in centers       Batch timings assigned around your commitments.       Score monitoring program that charts student’s progress throughout the program.       Library facility available to all students that provides access to all the best test prep material. Highlights of MAKS BELA training  Regular, Weekend &amp; Crash Courses Unmatched Class rooms Comprehensive Study Material Section Wise repeated training Experienced Faculty Convenient location Reasonable Fee Excellent results  Details of MAKS BELA training  Regular batch (Monday to Friday) for 6 weeks plus 2 weeks practice session plus weekly mock test.  Monday to Friday 10.00 am to 8.00 pm  Fees Rs. 10000+ service tax &amp; study material   Crash course (4 weeks) 1 modules per week  Fees Rs. 7500+ service tax &amp; study material Weekend batch for 2 to 3 months  Fees Rs. 10000+ service tax &amp; study material  The IELTS (International English Language Testing System) is a paper based test which is given to demonstrate English language proficiency and is often a requirement for students applying to Universities around the world.  IELTS  The IELTS is about two hours and forty five mins long. There are two versions of the test: Academic or General Training – depending on whether you want to study, work, or migrate overseas. IELTS test consists of four sub-tests: Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking. All students take the same listening and speaking tests but there are different reading and writing tests for the Academic and General modules.   IELTS Academic  IELTS Academic measures English language proficiency needed for an academic, higher learning environment. The tasks and texts are accessible to anyone, irrespective of your subject focus.  The Academic format is, broadly speaking, for those who want to study or train in a university that teaches in English at undergraduate or postgraduate level, or institutions of higher and further education.   Many professions (e.g. medical, nursing, accounting, engineering) also require an Academic test result for registration purposes in many countries  IELTS General  IELTS General Training measures English language proficiency in a practical, everyday context. The tasks and texts reflect both workplace and social situations. The General Training version of the test is typically for those who are going to English-speaking countries to do secondary education, work experience or training programs. This version of the test is also often a visa requirement if you are planning to migrate to English speaking countries including Australia, the UK, Canada and New Zealand. IELTS TEST  The scores are on a scale of 1 to 9 and are valid for two years. The test is offered 48 times a year, usually on Saturdays or Thursdays. The IELTS measures your ability to use and understand English at the university level and evaluates how well you combine your listening, reading, speaking and writing skills to perform academic tasks. All candidates must complete four Modules in IELTS- Listening, Reading, Writing and speaking to obtain an IELTS Test Report Form. Candidates are tested in Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking. All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking Modules in IELTS. There is a choice between Academic and General Training in the Reading and Writing Modules of IELTS. Total Test Time 2 hours 44 minutes IELTS Reading (60 minutes) (Scoring scale: 0-9 bands) IELTS Reading has 3 passages and 40 items (questions). Each item is worth one mark. IELTS Writing (60 minutes) (Scoring scale: 0-9 bands) It consists of 2 tasks (Writing Task 1 and Writing Task 2) and candidates must answer BOTH tasks. IELTS Listening (40 minutes) (Scoring scale: 0-9 bands) IELTS Listening has four sections, each with 10 items (or questions). Each item is worth one mark. IELTS Speaking (11-14 minutes) (Scoring scale: 0-9 bands) IELTS Speaking is a one-to-one interaction between the candidate and an examiner The tests are designed to cover the full range of ability from non-user to expert user. IELTS-Reading, Listening and Writing modules must be completed in one day. The IELTS Speaking module may be taken, at the discretion of the test centre, in the period seven days before or after the other modules.  Registration for the IELTS requires a valid passport and an exam fee of INR 11,800.  Listening:           This test is for 30 minutes and consists of 40 questions in each of the 4 sections. It tests your listening abilities in the English language.           Test taker is asked to listen to conversations, topics, etc and answer questions based on what was heard. You also have to complete certain summaries, sentences and answer short questions.   Academic Reading:             This test is for 60 minutes and consists of 40 questions in each of the 4 sections. Each section has 1 long passage.           Test taker has to read passages and answer questions that follow. Passages are designed for non specialist audience and are factual, analytical, and descriptive in nature.  General Reading:           This is a 60 minutes long test and consists of 3 sections and 40 items. Each section has 2 to 3 passages, which are extracted from workplace conditions, official documents, advertisements, etc. Test taker has to read passages and answer questions that follow.  Academic Writing:           It consists of 2 tasks and lasts for 60mins. In task 1 you have to describe graphs, diagrams or certain processes given in our own words and in task 2 you have to write an essay on issue topic or argument. It is a formal style of writing.  General Writing:           It consists of 2 tasks and lasts for 60mins. In task 1 you have to write a letter on a situation and in task 2 you have to write an essay on an issue topic or argument assigned. The style of writing can be a little more personal than completely formal.  Speaking:           This section is about 11 to 14 mins long and it tests your fluency in speaking the English language. It has 3 parts: you will have to appear for a personal interview in the first part, speak on a particular topic and mentioned points on the topic in the second part and also get involved in a discussion with the examiner in the third part based on the topic given in part 2. Regards,  Muthukumaran (Managing Director)  MAKS BELA  INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION PVT. LTD  No-415, F4-1st floor, Asha Vignesh Apartment,   CTH Road, Ambattur OT (Bus Stand), Ambattur, Chennai - 600053   Mobile no: +91 7708607400, +91 44 49596341  www.belachennai.com
